Station disruption plan: Guildford - Practical Operation Of The Station
Source: RM Central/Station Disruption Plan - Guildford Issue 1 - April 2018.docx
Category: station_disruption
Location: Guildford
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: station_staff

Station disruption plan for Guildford. Category: station disruption. Location: Guildford. Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: station_staff. Recommended action (Practical Operation Of The Station): Location 1 – Platform staff will monitor corwds on the platform to ensure custoemrs remain behind the yellow line. If crowding becomes excessive they must direct passengers to exit platforms via subway to forecourt and via stairs to passi exit (consider same for P/F 7&8) Location 2 - Platform staff will monitor corwds on the platform to ensure custoemrs remain behind the yellow line. If crowding becomes excessive they must direct passengers to exit platforms via subway to forecourt and via stairs to passi exit (consider same for P/F 7&8) Location 3 – Train Presentation staff will monitor crowds in the subway and set up a queueing system for platform access as temporary hold area until platform is clear. Location 4 – Ticket Officer clerk will assist on the overbridge to set up one way system i.e no entry via stairs to affected or all platforms. Location 5 – Gateline Operator will stop brige passes and remain at passi setting gates to exit only. Passengers asked to walk around to enter at the main entrance of the station where a queueing system will be in operation. Lcation 6 – Gateline Operator will set barriers to exit onl. Should the platforms become too crowded until the area has become safe. Location 7 – Pla tform staff will monitor crowds on the platform to ensure customers remain behind the yellow line. If crowding becomes excessive they must direct passengers to exit via the main barriers. Location 8 – Station Control Point – Will monitor congestion around the station using CCTV. All other duties as directed by the designated person in charge. The SIO will co-ordinate the crowd control measures and monitor the situation from the SCP. Will deploy any BTP/RCO/Volunteers where additional help is needd. Will also consider informing all tenants if the situation demands. Location 9 – Ticket Offic will stop selling tickets and assist customers as well as help any evacuation of the booking hall. Location 10 – Member of staff should be positioned on the station forecourt near the Brompton dock to implement a queueing system in to the station. Gatelines should be kept in operation at all times unless there is an emergency. Gatelines provide an effective way of managing the flow of people in and out of stations. Gatelines also provide a dedicated person at the entrance to the station to advise of any issues with the train service so customers can make alternative arrangements if necessary. If the gate does need to be opened it must be recorded in the gateline log. STATION EMERGENCY PLAN This document contains details of the emergency arrangements for this location including local hospitals, evacuation routes and muster points. The document can be found on the Health & Safety Noticeboard. All colleagues are required to familiarise themselves with this document and seek advice from their line manager if there are any questions. TICKET ACCEPTANCE When services are severely disrupted we can sometimes arrange for passengers to use an alternative route to complete their journey. Where this involves the use of other train/bus operators SWR will obtain agreement from them to allow customers to use these routes at no extra cost. This can also include travel arrangements for the following day if appropriate. The majority of these agreements come into place automatically when we declare CSL2 status for an incident; agreements with Cross Country, local bus operators and London Buses are made by agreement between our control room and theirs only. Alternative routes that are agreed will be communicated via the information team through emails, phone calls or our information systems during each incident. In addition, there may be easements agreed for car parking arrangements which will be agreed and communicated at either the same time or shortly after. ALTERNATIVE T RANSPORT Please see below for a selection of alternative routes that can be taken from this station. It cannot be assumed that ticket acceptance is in pla ce on these alternative rout