Station disruption plan: Leatherhead - Overall Communications
Source: RM Central/Station Disruption Plan - Leatherhead Issue 1a - April 2018.docm
Category: station_disruption
Location: Leatherhead
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: all

Station disruption plan for Leatherhead. Category: station disruption. Location: Leatherhead. Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: all. Recommended action (Overall Communications): When our control centre receives initial notifications of incidents, the information is then passed to our information controller. They hold the responsibility of communicating the initial information which will be a disruption warning or holding message. We aim to send an initial message within 10 minutes of any incident that takes place. We use a consistent style of messaging which will show 3 key pieces of information. the cause of disruption: what the problem is, and where it is the impact it will have: what this means for the journey and our advice: how to continue the journey We have a long-term and comprehensive on-call manager structure which we activate during periods of significant disruption. This includes station, guards, drivers, fleet and senior managers along with directors. Through their team, the Route Control Manager takes responsibility for mobilising our on-call teams and our Train Operator Liaison Officer (TOLO)-trained managers where required. Our Customer Information System is managed by our Local Information Controllers, both at our Control Centre and at Station Control Points located around the network. The Tyrell system updates our own JourneyCheck site, ensuring that whether you are looking for a ticket or making a final check before starting out on your journey, you can get the latest information about an incident. We aim to put train alteration messages into the system as soon as we receive them. In addition during each on call week, each level 2 on call manager will set up a whatsapp group for level 1 managers and the Information Team Leader. From these who will filter relevant information down to the level 1 on call managers who in turn will send this information on to local station colleagues. More detailed information can be found within the Passenger Information During Disruption standard.