Station disruption plan: London Road (Guildford) - Local Communications
Source: RM Central/Station Disruption Plan - London Road Issue 1 - April 2018.docx
Category: station_disruption
Location: London Road (Guildford)
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: station_staff

Station disruption plan for London Road (Guildford). Category: station disruption. Location: London Road (Guildford). Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: station_staff. Recommended action (Local Communications): Local station communications with our customers should be managed proactively using regular station announcements in advance if possible. We know that station announcements are received well by our customers so it is important that we provide as much information as possible. If there is no information to provide at the time, this should be relayed to customers so they are kept up to date. If there are any issues with the equipment at this station, it should be faulted immediately. Remember, if there is a mobile mic at this station; please make sure it is used proactively so as to make sure our customers are kept up to date with whatever we know. Local Whatsapp groups are a good way of sharing information between stations and are encouraged in order to provide as much information to customers as possible 4 Support for SUPPORT FOR OTHER STATIONS Below is a list of stations that this station may be in a position to support during disruption. Telephone Number PRACTICAL OPERATION OF THE STAT ION No crowd control plan at this location Gatelines should be kept in operation at all times unless there is an emergency. Gatelines provide an effective way of managing the flow of people in and out of stations. Gatelines also provide a dedicated person at the entrance to the station to advise of any issues with the train service so customers can make alternative arrangements if necessary. If the gate does need to be opened it must be recorded in the gateline log. STATION EMERGENCY PLAN This document contains details of the emergency arrangements for this location including local hospitals, evacuation routes and muster points. The document can be found on the Health & Safety Noticeboard. All colleagues are required to familiarise themselves with this document and seek advice from their line manager if there are any questions. TICKET ACCEPTANCE When services are severely disrupted we can sometimes arrange for passengers to use an alternative route to complete their journey. Where this involves the use of other train/bus operators SWR will obtain agreement from them to allow customers to use these routes at no extra cost. This can also include travel arrangements for the following day if appropriate. The majority of these agreements come into place automatically when we declare CSL2 status for an incident; agreements with Cross Country, local bus operators and London Buses are made by agreement between our control room and theirs only. Alternative routes that are agreed will be communicated via the information team through emails, phone calls or our information systems during each incident. In addition, there may be easements agreed for car parking arrangements which will be agreed and communicated at either the same time or shortly after. ALTERNATIVE T RANSPORT Please see below for a selection of alternative routes that can be taken from this station. It cannot be assumed that ticket acceptance is in place on these alternative routes. Therefore this must be checked first. Route Available (Rail) Route Available (Bus) Walking Routes (if applicable) Stations towards Guildford For destinations to Surbiton passengers will need to travel to Guildford as there is no alternative route. Bus stop A on London Road. 25, 37, 462, 715