Station disruption plan: Insert Station Name Clapham Junction - Practical Operation Of The Station
Source: RM Metro/Station Disruption Plan - Clapham Junction  Issue 1 - April 2018.docx
Category: station_disruption
Location: Insert Station Name Clapham Junction
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: station_staff

Station disruption plan for Insert Station Name Clapham Junction. Category: station disruption. Location: Insert Station Name Clapham Junction. Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: station_staff. Recommended action (Practical Operation Of The Station): Gatelines should be kept in operation at all times unless there is an emergency. Gatelines provide an effective way of managing the flow of people in and out of stations. Gatelines also provide a dedicated person at the entrance to the station to advise of any issues with the train service so customers can make alternative arrangements if necessary. If the gate does need to be opened it must be recorded in the gateline log. STATION EMERGENCY PLAN This document contains details of the emergency arrangements for this location including local hospitals, evacuation routes and muster points. The document can be found on the Health & Safety Noticeboard. All colleagues are required to familiarise themselves with this document and seek advice from their line manager if there are any questions. TICKET ACCEPTANCE When services are severely disrupted we can sometimes arrange for passengers to use an alternative route to complete their journey. Where this involves the use of other train/bus operators SWR will obtain agreement from them to allow customers to use these routes at no extra cost. This can also include travel arrangements for the following day if appropriate. The majority of these agreements come into place automatically when we declare CSL2 status for an incident; agreements with Cross Country, local bus operators and London Buses are made by agreement between our control room and theirs only. Alternative routes that are agreed will be communicated via the information team through emails, phone calls or our information systems during each incident. In addition, there may be easements agreed for car parking arrangements which will be agreed and communicated at either the same time or shortly after. ALTERNATIVE T RANSPORT Please see below for a selection of alternative routes that can be taken from this station. It cannot be assumed that ticket acceptance is in place on these alternative routes. Therefore this must be checked first. Route Available (Rail) Route Available (Bus) Walking Routes (if applicable) 77 Bus From Clapham Junction From the front of the station turn left then take a right when you get to St John’s Rd bus stop is in front of TK Maxx Southern Clapham to Victoria. Change for underground 156 Bus from Clapham Junction From the front of the station turn right up St Johns Hill 77 Bus from Clapham Junction SWR Clapham to waterloo. Change For underground 219 Bus from Clapham Junction From the front of the station turn right up St Johns hill SWR Take the Hounslow Looper 57 Bus from Wimbledon From front of Wimbledon Station turn Left, bus stop is in front of Tesco 281 from Kingston From front of station cross over the road and turn right, Stop Q is the third stop 87 Bus from Clapham Junction From the front of the station turn right up St Johns Hill 337 Bus from Clapham Junction From the front of the station cross the road and stop M is in front of Barclays Ariva Clapham to Wilsden Junction change for Richmond 337 Bus from Clapham Junction From the front of the station cross the road and stop M is in front of Barclays