Station disruption plan: Syon Lane - Colleague Welfare
Source: RM Metro/Station Disruption Plan - Syon Lane  Issue - April 2018.docx
Category: station_disruption
Location: Syon Lane
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: all

Station disruption plan for Syon Lane. Category: station disruption. Location: Syon Lane. Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: all. Recommended action (Colleague Welfare): Depending on the need, additional support will be requested via the Level 2 On Call Manager through control. The manager responsible for this station will then ensure that any volunteers are briefed on their arrival using the Site Specific Brief for the location along with any other local information, the nature of the disruption and any alternative travel arrangements that have been put in place. Risk Factors to consider during disruption: If prolonged disruption occurs during hot weather, it will be necessary for customer and colleague welfare to provide water at key locations. This should be arranged via station colleagues and through the on call structure. Colleague Breaks During prolonged disruption it is important for the welfare of station colleagues and volunteers to ensure that all are receiving adequate breaks during their shifts (including any managers who are coordinating or assisting the coordination of plans). It is the responsibility of the Level 1 On Call Manager to liaise with the station manager to ensure that this is being achieved. If there is a reduction of the train service it is expected that teams should manage their breaks as best as possible. Colleagues should let their line manager or on call manager know if this is not possible. Please try to ensure breaks are taken away from the view of customers. This will also ensure you have as much of an uninterrupted break as is possible. Also consider how long you have been working for. If you feel the effects of fatigue you should highlight this immediately so cover for the role you are performing can be arranged. Colleague Safety Always remember to consider your safety as well as that of others. Many situations can be dealt with well through a calm approach so if you are approached by a frustrated customer please remain calm, polite and respectful at all times. If required you should politely excuse yourself and make your way to a position of safety and request assistance which may be from a colleague in the first instance or BTP (if appropriate for the circumstances). For further guidance, please refer to the policy on Reducing Violence At Work.