Station disruption plan: Vauxhall - Practical Operation Of The Station
Source: RM Metro/Station Disruption Plan - Vauxhall  Issue 1 - April 2018.docx
Category: station_disruption
Location: Vauxhall
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: station_staff

Station disruption plan for Vauxhall. Category: station disruption. Location: Vauxhall. Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: station_staff. Recommended action (Practical Operation Of The Station): There are specific arrangements in place to manage unplanned crowding at Vauxhall station. These are described in the document “Crowd Management Arrangement – Unplanned Events”. The principal of the plan is to restrict entry to the station where crowding occurs due to customers waiting to board trains, and to manage gateline to alleviate crowding caused by customers trying to leave the station. An overview of roles and locations is shown below: Platform staff will monitor crowds on the platform to ensure customers remain behind the yellow line. If crowding becomes excessive they must inform the SIO. If crowding caused by ‘entering’ passengers they must liaise with the gateline to control access to the station one crowd control measures are in place ‘Ticket Office Gateline’ operator will manage gateline according to the nature of the crowding. If crowding due to passengers leaving the station all gates should be opened. If crowding due to passengers entering station operator will work with Supervisor to control entry to station by: Closing the two station entrances nearest the Underground and the entrance furthest from Underground. Deploying crowd control barrier to close remaining entrance to ticket office. Opening ticket gates. Allowing access to station in a controlled manner using crowd control barrier. Liaising with SIO/platform staff to understand when to allow/prevent entrance. As above (if platform in operation) ‘Oval Gateline’ operator will manage according to the nature of the crowding. If crowding due to passengers leaving the station all gates should be opened. If crowding due to passengers entering station gateline should be set to ‘exit only’. As above (platform only staffed in peaks, arrangements should be made to staff platform if crowding occurs outside peaks by utilising resource from p7/8 if possible) Ticket office will provide customer service duties. If one-way system is put in place ticket office staff will assist with managing access to station and updating directing any passengers waiting outside. As above (platform only staffed in AM peak. If possible, arrangements should be made to staff platform if crowding occurs outside this time by utilising resource from p7/8m. NB, priority should be given to staffing p7/8 if crowding occurs on both platforms). SIO will monitor congestion around the station. SIO will generally be based within Supervisors Office on p3, though depending on available resource may be required to relocate to assist with implementation of crowd control measures. ‘New Gateline’ operator will manage gates according to the nature of the crowding. If crowding due to passengers leaving the station all gates should be opened. If crowding due to passengers entering station gateline should be set to ‘exit only’ and customers directed to ‘Ticket Office Gateline’. Gateline operator should deploy information boards and use megaphone to inform passengers. Supervisor (not on plan) will act as SIO if manager not present. When manager is present Supervisor will act on the instruction of the SIO and assist in monitoring the situation and the implementation of crowd control procedures. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Gatelines should be kept in operation at all times unless there is an emergency. Gatelines provide an effective way of managing the flow of people in and out of stations. Gatelines also provide a dedicated person at the entrance to the station to advise of any issues with the train service so customers can make alternative arrangements if necessary. If the gate does need to be opened it must be recorded in the gateline log. STATION EMERGENCY PLAN This document contains details of the emergency arrangements for this location including local hospitals, evacuation routes and muster points. The document can be found on the Health & Safety Noticeboard. All colleagues are required to familiarise themselves with this document and seek advice from their line manager if there are any questions. TICKET ACCEPTANCE