Station disruption plan: Basingstoke - Practical Operation Of The Station
Source: RM South/Station Disruption Plan - Basingstoke Issue 3 - December 2020.docx
Category: station_disruption
Location: Basingstoke
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: station_staff

Station disruption plan for Basingstoke. Category: station disruption. Location: Basingstoke. Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: station_staff. Recommended action (Practical Operation Of The Station): Basingstoke station is manned 24 Hours 7 days a week except Christmas and Boxing Day. There are help points on all platforms and one at the back of the station. Basingstoke is used by South Western Railway , Cross Country and First Great Western services. Basingstoke operates services to Reading, Bristol Temple Meads, Exeter St David’s, Weymouth and Portsmouth and also into London. Basingstoke can also be used to terminate services and hold stock within the sidings. Basingstoke is a Category B Security station. Gatelines should be kept in operation at all times unless there is an emergency. Gatelines provide an effective way of managing the flow of people in and out of stations. Gatelines also provide a dedicated person at the entrance to the station to advise of any issues with the train service so customers can make alternative arrangements if necessary. If the gate does need to be opened it must be recorded in the gateline log. In event of major disruption or having to implement the c rowd control plan, we will open the night gate entrance for customers to exit the station. STATION EMERGENCY PLAN This document contains details of the emergency arrangements for this location including local hospitals, evacuation routes and muster points. The document can be found on the Health & Safety Noticeboard. All colleagues are required to familiarise themselves with this document and seek advice from their line manager if there are any questions. TICKET ACCEPTANCE When services are severely disrupted , we can sometimes arrange for passengers to use an alternative route to complete their journey. Where this involves the use of other train/bus operators SWR will obtain agreement from them to allow customers to use these routes at no extra cost. This can also include travel arrangements for the following day if appropriate. The majority of these agreements come into place automatically when we declare CSL2 status for an incident; agreements with Cross Country, local bus operators and London Buses are made by agreement between our control room and theirs only. Alternative routes that are agreed will be communicated via the information team through emails, phone calls or our information systems during each incident. In addition, there may be easements agreed for car parking arrangements which will be agreed and communicated at either the same time or shortly after.