Station disruption plan: COSHAM - Practical Operation Of The Station
Source: RM South/Station Disruption Plan - Cosham Issue 1 - April 2018.docx
Category: station_disruption
Location: COSHAM
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: station_staff

Station disruption plan for COSHAM. Category: station disruption. Location: COSHAM. Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: station_staff. Recommended action (Practical Operation Of The Station): Cosham has part-time platform staff, Mon-Fri morning, Tue and Fri PM and and all day Saturday. When the RO2 is present volunteers should take their instruction from them. Outside of these hours, the Ticket Office staff will take the lead. Customers interchanging at Cosham may cause the station to become crowded during disruption. In this instance, it is possible to control the flow of passengers by containing them in the car park and stopping them accessing the platforms via the bridge, using barriers and volunteers. Gatelines should be kept in operation at all times unless there is an emergency. Gatelines provide an effective way of managing the flow of people in and out of stations. Gatelines also provide a dedicated person at the entrance to the station to advise of any issues with the train service so customers can make alternative arrangements if necessary. If the gate does need to be opened it must be recorded in the gateline log. STATION EMERGENCY PLAN This document contains details of the emergency arrangements for this location including local hospitals, evacuation routes and muster points. The document can be found on the Health & Safety Noticeboard. All colleagues are required to familiarise themselves with this document and seek advice from their line manager if there are any questions. TICKET ACCEPTANCE When services are severely disrupted we can sometimes arrange for passengers to use an alternative route to complete their journey. Where this involves the use of other train/bus operators SWR will obtain agreement from them to allow customers to use these routes at no extra cost. This can also include travel arrangements for the following day if appropriate. The majority of these agreements come into place automatically when we declare CSL2 status for an incident; agreements with Cross Country, local bus operators and London Buses are made by agreement between our control room and theirs only. Alternative routes that are agreed will be communicated via the information team through emails, phone calls or our information systems during each incident. In addition, there may be easements agreed for car parking arrangements which will be agreed and communicated at either the same time or shortly after. ALTERNATIVE T RANSPORT Please see below for a selection of alternative routes that can be taken from this station. It cannot be assumed that ticket acceptance is in place on these alternative routes. Therefore this must be checked first. Route Available (Rail) Route Available (Bus) Walking Routes (if applicable) Turn right out of station and walk to Health Centre ( approx. 200 m) Turn right out of station and walk to Health Centre ( approx. 200 m) SWR, GWR, Southern Turn right out of station and walk to Health Centre ( approx. 200 m)