Station disruption plan: F RATTON - Practical Operation Of The Station
Source: RM South/Station Disruption Plan - Fratton Issue 1 - April 2018.docx
Category: station_disruption
Location: F RATTON
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: station_staff

Station disruption plan for F RATTON. Category: station disruption. Location: F RATTON. Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: station_staff. Recommended action (Practical Operation Of The Station): During disruption, the full-time RO2 on duty will take the lead and utilise any volunteers to best advantage. The Ticket Office should be left in operation where possible. During disruption large numbers of passengers are sent to Fratton to to make connections to other stations which may cause crowding. The staff may need to adopt the Crowd Control Plan in this situation. If the disruption occurs on a football day then the Crowd Control Plan will already be in place and passengers held outside the night gate until platforms are cleared. Gatelines should be kept in operation at all times unless there is an emergency. Gatelines provide an effective way of managing the flow of people in and out of stations. Gatelines also provide a dedicated person at the entrance to the station to advise of any issues with the train service so customers can make alternative arrangements if necessary. If the gate does need to be opened it must be recorded in the gateline log. STATION EMERGENCY PLAN This document contains details of the emergency arrangements for this location including local hospitals, evacuation routes and muster points. The document can be found on the Health & Safety Noticeboard. All colleagues are required to familiarise themselves with this document and seek advice from their line manager if there are any questions. TICKET ACCEPTANCE When services are severely disrupted we can sometimes arrange for passengers to use an alternative route to complete their journey. Where this involves the use of other train/bus operators SWR will obtain agreement from them to allow customers to use these routes at no extra cost. This can also include travel arrangements for the following day if appropriate. The majority of these agreements come into place automatically when we declare CSL2 status for an incident; agreements with Cross Country, local bus operators and London Buses are made by agreement between our control room and theirs only. Alternative routes that are agreed will be communicated via the information team through emails, phone calls or our information systems during each incident. In addition, there may be easements agreed for car parking arrangements which will be agreed and communicated at either the same time or shortly after. ALTERNATIVE T RANSPORT Please see below for a selection of alternative routes that can be taken from this station. It cannot be assumed that ticket acceptance is in place on these alternative routes. Therefore this must be checked first. Route Available (Rail) Route Available (Bus) Walking Routes (if applicable) Cross Goldsmith Ave outside station to Talbot Rd SWR, GWR, Southern 1 bus to PMH then National Express coach to Soton Cross Goldsmith Ave outside station to Talbot Rd 18 to North End junc then 700 Walk to Fratton Bridge SWR, GWR, Southern 3 , 18 Star 7 , 23 Walk to Fratton Bridge