Station disruption plan: Portsmouth Harbour - Practical Operation Of The Station
Source: RM South/Station Disruption Plan - Portsmouth Harbour Issue  2 - January 2021.docx
Category: station_disruption
Location: Portsmouth Harbour
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: station_staff

Station disruption plan for Portsmouth Harbour. Category: station disruption. Location: Portsmouth Harbour. Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: station_staff. Recommended action (Practical Operation Of The Station): Sta tion Control Point (SCP) will be dealing with all sorts of issues, Dealing with SWR Control, Train Resources Manager s the local Signal Box at Havant. Sorting out rol ling stock, stock changes, checking of train crews and getting the correct Im f ormati on into the Customer services system The RO2s assit the SCP in anyway they can. Work out a plan s with the SCP / RO2’S In the event of Taxis or Bus replacement , Ensuring you’ve the tools to undertake this task ( Back on track Vouchers ) The Remaining RO2 to continue with the train dispatch customer assitance. In the event of no trains running they would then h elp out the RO2s in getting customers to the Bus es Taxi pick up points. No t rains from Po rtsmouth Harbour the CB1s assist with customer service help ing out dealing with our customers needs Other Toc’s to thin k about are Wightlink ferries to be kept up to date with what is happening. STATION EMERGENCY PLAN This document contains details of the emergency arrangements for this location including local hospitals, evacuation routes and muster points. The document can be found on the Health & Safety Noticeboard. All colleagues are required to familiarize themselves with this document and seek advice from their line manager if there are any questions. TICKET ACCEPTANCE When services are severely disrupted we can sometimes arrange for passengers to use an alternative route to complete their journey. Where this involves the use of other train/bus operators SWR will obtain agreement from them to allow customers to use these routes at no extra cost. This can also include travel arrangements for the following day if appropriate. The majority of these agreements come into place automatically when we declare CSL2 status for an incident; agreements with Cross Country, local bus operators and London Buses are made by agreement between our control room and theirs only. Alternative routes that are agreed will be communicated via the information team through emails, phone calls or our information systems during each incident. In addition, there may be easements agreed for car parking arrangements which will be agreed and communicated at either the same time or shortly after. ALTERNATIVE T RANSPORT Please see below for a selection of alternative routes that can be taken from this station. It cannot be assumed that ticket acceptance is in place on these alternative routes. Therefore this must be checked first. Route Available (Rail) Route Available (Bus) Walking Routes (if applicable) Portsmouth Harbour t o Havant From front of station to the bottom of the road. Portsmouth Harbour to Hilsea Portsmouth Harbour to Cosham and Bedhampton Portsmouth Harbour to Cosham 3, 4 (First Group) Portsmouth Harbour to Portchester F3, (First Group)