Station disruption plan: Shoaling - Practical Operation Of The Station
Source: RM South/Station Disruption Plan - Sholing Issue 2 February 2021.docx
Category: station_disruption
Location: Shoaling
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: station_staff

Station disruption plan for Shoaling. Category: station disruption. Location: Shoaling. Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: station_staff. Recommended action (Practical Operation Of The Station): There is no specific crowd control plan for Sholing STATION EMERGENCY PLAN This document contains details of the emergency arrangements for this location including local hospitals, evacuation routes and muster points. The document can be found on the Health & Safety Noticeboard. All colleagues are required to familiarise themselves with this document and seek advice from their line manager if there are any questions. TICKET ACCEPTANCE When services are severely disrupted we can sometimes arrange for passengers to use an alternative route to complete their journey. Where this involves the use of other train/bus operators SWR will obtain agreement from them to allow customers to use these routes at no extra cost. This can also include travel arrangements for the following day if appropriate. The majority of these agreements come into place automatically when we declare CSL2 status for an incident; agreements with Cross Country, local bus operators and London Buses are made by agreement between our control room and theirs only. Alternative routes that are agreed will be communicated via the information team through emails, phone calls or our information systems during each incident. In addition, there may be easements agreed for car parking arrangements which will be agreed and communicated at either the same time or shortly after. ALTERNATIVE T RANSPORT Please see below for a selection of alternative routes that can be taken from this station. It cannot be assumed that ticket acceptance is in place on these alternative routes. Therefore this must be checked first. Route Available (Rail) Route Available (Bus) Walking Routes (if applicable) SWR to Southampton Possible to use Southern services (when ticket acceptance is in place) although very limited service in morning and evening peak Walk east out of station road, turn right onto spring road, then left onto Portsmouth road and walk about ½ mile to bus stop ( approximately 15 minute walk Possible to use Southern services (when ticket acceptance is in place) although very limited service in morning and evening peak Walk east out of station road, turn right onto spring road, then left onto Portsmouth road and walk about ½ mile to bus stop ( approx imately 15 minute walk