Station disruption plan: Shoaling - Role Descriptions
Source: RM South/Station Disruption Plan - Sholing Issue 2 February 2021.docx
Category: station_disruption
Location: Shoaling
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: all

Station disruption plan for Shoaling. Category: station disruption. Location: Shoaling. Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: all. Recommended action (Role Descriptions): This Station Disruption Plan has been created to help you assist customers at this location during disruption. We know from what our customers tell us that the information they receive when trains are severely delayed is a big contributor to their overall customer experience on our network. Working on our stations during disruption can be a challenge at times and your help with providing our customers with as much useful information as possible about the alternatives that might be available to them is really appreciated. This plan contains all you need to know about managing disruption at this location which is particularly important for those who do not normally work at this station. This plan should be used in conjunction with other plans including the Station Emergency Plan and Crowd Control plans where they exist. It is important that we keep this document up to date; therefore, if you become aware of a change to alternative transport options or have a suggestion for what else could be included, then please let the owning Station Manager know so this can be updated at an appropriate time. Thank you for all that you do for our customers during disruption. South Western Railway Responding Manager – any rail manager who is responsible for providing the initial response to an incident. They may be either on duty at work or on call during out of hours. Level 1 On Call Manager (Stations) - is responsible for the area this station is located in. This person will keep an overview of the whole area and will pass on information as required. This person will also have direct contact with the Level 2 On Call Manager for escalation purposes Level 2 On Call Manager (Customer Service) - is responsible for keeping an overview of the South Western Railway in general and for ensuring we are doing all we can to operate safely whilst giving the best customer experience possible. Senior On Call (SWR) – provides Senior Management cover for the business and provides support to the Route Control Manager for incidents that need a strategic level of management. They are also the communications link with the Director on call. Station Incident Officer/Person In Charge - the competent person appointed by the SWR to manage and co-ordinate the response to incidents affecting station operations. Where there is no RIO on site the Station Incident Officer will act as the focal point for the external response agencies. Where an RIO is appointed, the Station Incident Officer will operate in a supporting capacity, managing the station element of the incident site. Flagship/Duty/Station Manager - is the owning manager of this station and will be the local manager responsible for it’s safe operation including the management of any crowding, customer experience and accurate information to customers. Depending on the situation, they may or may not be on site at the time. If this is the case, the relevant level 1 on call manager will be responsible for this station working with any station colleagues. Station Colleagues - are responsible for ensuring the station is operating safely and that customers are provided as much information as possible during disruption. These colleagues may well lia i se with the level 1 on call manager to provide and receive information in order to assist customers and to highlight any local risks. Rail Community Officers - will generally assist at stations (if available). Their attendance will be communicated through the on call structure. Route Control Manager – is responsible for managing the day-to-day provision of service, covering everything from signal ing and railway track, to managing our joint response to disruption. The RCM also holds responsibility for monitoring the overall train service, and Service Delivery Manager to decide how we can best bring services back to normal running during disruption. Information and Customer Experience Manager – is responsible for managing the team who pass information to our ground teams and