Station disruption plan: Andover , Station Approach, Andover SP10 3HN - Practical Operation Of The Station
Source: RM West/Station Disruption Plan - Andover  Issue 2 - January 2021.docx
Category: station_disruption
Location: Andover , Station Approach, Andover SP10 3HN
Blockage type: station or platform disruption
Audience: station_staff

Station disruption plan for Andover , Station Approach, Andover SP10 3HN. Category: station disruption. Location: Andover , Station Approach, Andover SP10 3HN. Blockage type: station or platform disruption. Audience: station_staff. Recommended action (Practical Operation Of The Station): Andover station is manned from 06.00 -17.40 Monday to Saturday and 09.00 – 17.00 Sundays and Bank Holidays. There are help points on both platforms outside of these hours. There are two services an hour on the up and down lines and 1 hourly on a Sunday. Andover is a low risk station. PROCEDURE FOR EVACUATION – SUMMARY PROCEDURE FOR EVACUATION All Passengers, Contractors, Tenants and Visitors should be directed to leave the station by the nearest available exit in accordance with the following requirements. If this is not possible, they should remain in a place of safety (such as a platform end) and await instructions. Evacuation Route(s) to be taken Via subway to downside and through booking hall or side gate into station forecourt then over towards the bin compound area. Via booking hall or side gate into station forecourt. Top level, head towards the bottom level and head towards the rear of the car park and the second lamppost on the left Bottom level head towards the rear of the car park, towards the second lamp post on the left. New car park assembly a reas Platform 1, Platform 2 & Ticket Office The bin compound area. From the new car park towards the rear gate. By the second lamp post as you leave the rear of the car park The implementation of a Police Cordon, most likely in the event of a Terrorist Security Alert, may exclude the designated assembly areas from being used. The DESIGNATED PERSON IN CHARGE should immediately identify a suitable alternative Assembly area outside of the cordon limits and make sure all staff are made aware of the revised arrangements. Gatelines should be kept in operation at all times unless there is an emergency. Gatelines provide an effective way of managing the flow of people in and out of stations. Gatelines also provide a dedicated person at the entrance to the station to advise of any issues with the train service so customers can make alternative arrangements if necessary. If the gate does need to be opened it must be recorded in the gateline log. STATION EMERGENCY PLAN This document contains details of the emergency arrangements for this location including local hospitals, evacuation routes and muster points. The document can be found on the Health & Safety Noticeboard. All colleagues are required to familiarise themselves with this document and seek advice from their line manager if there are any questions. TICKET ACCEPTANCE When services are severely disrupted we can sometimes arrange for passengers to use an alternative route to complete their journey. Where this involves the use of other train/bus operators SWR will obtain agreement from them to allow customers to use these routes at no extra cost. This can also include travel arrangements for the following day if appropriate. The majority of these agreements come into place automatically when we declare CSL2 status for an incident; agreements with Cross Country, local bus operators and London Buses are made by agreement between our control room and theirs only. Alternative routes that are agreed will be communicated via the information team through emails, phone calls or our information systems during each incident. In addition, there may be easements agreed for car parking arrangements which will be agreed and communicated at either the same time or shortly after.